README.md, before:

# TIS

<a href='https://github.com/whatk233/tis/blob/main/README_zh.md'>简体中文 (Simplified Chinese)</a>

> Tweak windows In Sysprep

## 📄 Introduction
It makes it easier to tweak/setup (optimize) Windows in the Sysprep, and makes the tweaking rules open source and simple to understand clearly what changes are made to the system in addition to the community power to manage the tweaking rules.

## ⭐ Features
* Open source, tweak rules are maintained based on the community, and you can also see what changes the tweak rules have made to the system
* Support for applying tweaks to the default user profile (all new users) during Sysprep

## 📒 Todo
* Support applying tweak rules according to operating system and system version
* Offline import of tweak rules
* Diary system

## 🎛️ Usage
Download the compiled TIS main program from [Releases](https://github.com/whatk233/tis/releases)		
Unzip, edit the `config.ini` configuration file.		
Run `tis.exe /tweak` during the "Sysprep process" and "when you first enter the desktop".		
There is no prompt during the execution, and it will exit automatically after completion		

## 👥 Contributions
The tweak rules of TIS are in need of your contribution, please see "<a href='https://tis.whatk.me/zh/contribution' target='_blank'>Contribution</a>" for details

## 👥 Feedback
Go to "[Issues](https://github.com/whatk233/tis/issues)"

## 👥 Discussions
Go to "[Discussions](https://github.com/whatk233/tis/discussions)"

## ❤️ Donate
<a href='https://ko-fi.com/whatk' target='_blank'>Buy Me a Coffee</a> · <a href='https://afdian.net/@whatk' target='_blank'>爱发电</a>

## License
GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE	

<hr />

Made with ♥ by <a href='https://whatk.me' target='_blank'>Whatk</a>

Commit message:

feat(docs): badge feat(docs): contributors image feat(docs): update content feat(docs): analytics

README.md, after:

# TIS

<a href='https://github.com/whatk233/tis/blob/main/README_zh.md'>简体中文 (Simplified Chinese)</a>

> Tweak windows In Sysprep

![GitHub Repo stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/whatk233/tis?style=social) 

![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/whatk233/tis?style=for-the-badge) 

## 📄 Introduction
TIS makes it easier to tweak/set up (optimize) Windows in the Sysprep, and makes the tweak rules open source and simple to understand clearly what changes have been made to the system in addition to the community power to manage the tune rules.

## ⭐ Features
* Open source, tweak rules are maintained based on the community, and you can also see what changes the tweak rules have made to the system
* Support for applying tweaks to the default user profile (all new users) during Sysprep

## 📒 Todo
* Support applying tweak rules according to operating system and system version
* Offline import of tweak rules
* Diary system

## 🎛️ Usage
Download the compiled TIS main program from [Releases](https://github.com/whatk233/tis/releases)		
Unzip, edit the `config.ini` configuration file.		
Run `tis.exe /tweak` during the "Sysprep process" and "when you first enter the desktop".		
There is no prompt during the execution, and it will exit automatically after completion		

## 👥 Contributions
The tweak rules of TIS are in need of your contribution, please see "<a href='https://tis.whatk.me/contribution' target='_blank'>Contribution</a>" for details

## 👥 Feedback
Go to "[Issues](https://github.com/whatk233/tis/issues)"

## 👥 Discussions
Go to "[Discussions](https://github.com/whatk233/tis/discussions)"

## 👥 Contributors
<a href="https://github.com/whatk233/tis/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=whatk233/tis" />
</a>

## 😲 Who is using TIS ?
- [Windsys Project](https://windsys.win)

## ❤️ Donate
<a href='https://ko-fi.com/whatk' target='_blank'>Buy Me a Coffee</a> · <a href='https://afdian.net/@whatk' target='_blank'>爱发电</a>

## License
GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE	

<hr />

Made with ♥ by <a href='https://whatk.me' target='_blank'>Whatk</a>
